I want to build a website for a church. The name is Salvation Church of God whose pastor is Pastor Malory Laurent. The address is 456 Ave N in Brooklyn, NY. Attached is the logo of the church, the Pastor and His wife, and I would like to use the colors there as the color scheme of the website, also adding white. These are information from the app that I would like to add to the website: ABOUT USSalvation Church of God is a place where Jesus is lifted up, lives are transformed, and families are built on the Word of God. We believe you’re here for a reason—and we’re excited to walk this journey of faith with you.Welcome home.SERVICE SCHEDULESunday 8:00a.m. - First Worship ServiceSunday 11:30a.m. - Second Worship ServiceTuesday 7:00p.m. - Madi Pase LòdThursday 7:00p.m. - Bible StudySaturday 9:00a.m. - Fasting ServiceOUR VISIONTo continue Jesus' mission of transforming individuals lives spiritually, physically, and socially to glorify God.OUR MISSIONTo create a community of believers that imitates Jesus’ words by proclaiming the good news of the gospel, and deeds by caring and serving our local and global community selflessly.CORE VALUESWorshipWe value Worship because we were created for the purpose of worshipingGod.FaithWe value Faith because it is a requirement to please God. (Hebrews 11:6)LeadershipWe believe in leadership development because both the Old and New Testaments emphasize its importance, and it is foundational in developing the Christian Church. Bible Teachings We value the Bible and its teachings because it is God’s inerrant and infallible word and every Christian instruction on living godly lives. (1 Timothy 3:16)PrayerWe value Prayer because it is our main vehicle through which we communicate with God and how believers connect with God to nurture our relationship with Him.Making DisciplesWe value the Making Disciples because it is Jesus' last command to His followers and the mission of the Christian Church. (Mathew 28:16-20)Spiritual GiftsWe value Spiritual Gifts because they are given by God to empower believers to serve the Christian Church and glorify God. (Romans 12:6-8; 1 Corinthians 12:8-10; and Ephesians 4:7-16FastingWe value fasting because it is one of God’s ordinances that helps us exercise control over the flesh.FellowshipWe value Fellowship and Hospitality because it gives us the opportunity to develop friendship, grow together spiritually, by creating a sincere, caring, and welcoming atmosphere for everyone who walks through our doors.ServiceWe believe in Service because in serving, we are able to exhibit God’s love and compassion in action.  I want to add the second image as the hero. The pastor is an author of 2 books, I would like to add the link to the books from amazon or an embedment, which ever looks more pleasing. here's the link to the books: https://a.co/d/aJG4QtA and https://a.co/d/144MZjN both of them are in english and french. Sometimes they sell fundraising merchandise as in shirt, hoodies, and prayer sacks. They recently purchase a 2 acers land and are in the process of building out the new building, which is the second image that I've attached. I also have some more images that I would like to add to make the website more pleasing to viewers, let me know when I should share these images with you. A few important forms that are necessary for the websites are: Accept Jesus Christ form, Prayer Request Form, Become an Affiliate, and Share your testimony form. this is a list of events for the year 2026 which is the 3rd image attached. The services for salvation church are live on youtube and facebook for all their services including thursday's bible study. This is Pastor Malory Laurent youtube channel where he has many of his messages: https://www.youtube.com/@pastormalorylaurent we can add a few of them on the website. This is the church youtube channel: https://www.youtube.com/@SalvationChurchofGod and this is instagram: https://www.instagram.com/salvation_cog/ tiktok: https://www.tiktok.com/discover/salvation-church-of-god-live-now and Finally Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/salvationcog